chore: Add agenda for March call (#34)
mdn/community-meetings: 2024-03-27/agenda.md

# Agenda for MDN Community meeting 27th March '24

> **Join details:** See 'where' in [the calendar invite](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=c_4656dd7c36825e2be115c0e7992191d550d16edcec37151eb6018581f654727b@group.calendar.google.com) for the call URL.

Reviewer: "Joining"?

Author: ```suggestion
**Joining details:** See 'where' in [the calendar invite](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=c_4656dd7c36825e2be115c0e7992191d550d16edcec37151eb6018581f654727b@group.calendar.google.com) for the call URL.
```

## Intro & overview of agenda

> - Rules: use the chat for questions or to request to speak so that we're talking in-turns.

Reviewer: something like this?
```suggestion
- Rules: Please use the chat for questions or if you wish to speak, so that we can ensure everyone has a chance to talk.
```
